Design Document V1

Space Captian (name TBD) is a game about managing a large space fleet,
gathering resources, and colonizing planets. The primary focus is for
the player to have fun meticulously designing different ships, stations,
and other structures, then deploying them all across the galexy.


Ships:
A ship is made of rooms, each made out of a variety of internal and external materials.
Each room can have furnature, systems, or transports like wires or pipes.
A ship has a total mass, amount of fuel and other supplies, a crew (unless automated)
thrusters, and weapons or tools, which use materials or fuels.

Rooms:
A room has an exterior and interior material. It has furnature or systems inside it.
It can be walked on by crew members. A room can store items, fuels, or crew members.
A room can be marked as a specific type of room (kitchen, gym, dorm, bridge, storage, etc)
Rooms have atmosphere and are connected by doors. 
The exterior state and door state will effect the atmosphere.
Crew members, systems, or hazards such as fires will effect the atmosphere, and vice versa.

Systems:
A system has a purpose, such as a generator or battery.
A system can have a physical and/or fuel storage.
Some systems take a input(s) and generate output(s).

Exterior tools:
Exterior tools can be weapons, solar panels, beacons, etc.
They can consume resources to interact with the world, or vice versa.

Furnature:
Furnature has a visual and physical quality, usually directly proportional to its price.
Furnature may hold items or crew members. They can be attatched to the ground, moved or destroyed.

Materials:
Materials have a density. They can be airtight, flamible, conductive, transparent.
Materials are gathered from ores and are refined in systems.
Materials are things like metal bars, chain links, rubber sheets etc.

Fuels:
Fuels are used to power systems. They are stored in systems such as tanks or batteries.
Fuels are moved around through things like pipes or wires that can be in the walls of a room
Fuel examples: electric charge, gasoline

Transports:
Fuels are moved from place to place through transports.
Transports have a fuel type (liquid, electrical ect.) and a max rate of transfer
Transports also have a specific direction, and know which transport comes next